>> Lucas Ruebbelke: What I
would like everyone to do is to
just go through the application and
just look for the major pieces.
So, for instance,
I will kind of show you this and
we'll kinda go through it afterwards.
So let's actually just take
an all-encompassing 15 minute break,
cuz I don't think this
will take very long.
I'd like everyone to just go through and
say, where are the components?
Okay, well, here's the class and
here's the template.
And so, just poke around, and say,
well, what does service look like?
So you can see here that it's just
a class and it does some things.
So just take ten minutes, do nothing,
relax, and then take another five minutes
and start to just kinda look through,
identify some of the pieces.
And if you want, go ahead,
and you can add a property to
the Items component and bind to it.
And if you're feeling super ambitious,
just add a property to the ItemsService,
and then consume it in the component.